ISSUES:

1.	OPEN: The processMessage function is run on all events, not just new messages.

2.	OPEN: Related to #1, mtgbot will process its own messages. We can potentially introduce an infinite spam-loop if we ever add a function that triggers itself. So that's fun.

3.	OPEN: Non-exact matches on both DnD spells and MTG cards is basically random. Maybe add fuzzy-matching logic?

4.	CLOSED: Some D&D spells are missing from the database. I'll have to empty and regerate the database off of a new api, or seek another solution. Known missing entries: Fire Bolt, Eldritch Blast, Vicious Mockery, Poison Spray. RESOLUTION: Changed APIs and regenerated the database.

5.	CLOSED: Some D&D spell descriptions were obviously run through google translate at some point (i.e. Wish). I'll have to empty and regenerate the database off of a new api, or seek another solution. Or leave it. They are kind of funny. RESOLUTION: Changed APIs and regenerated the database.

6.	OPEN: Current D&D spell solution pastes the text straight to the channel. For wordy spells like Wish, it can take up a good chunk of the screen. We may need to look into text snippets, a lightweight web server, or just straight linking to a website. dndbeyond.com looks promising.

7.  OPEN: mtgbot will sometimes return Amonkhet Invocation versions of cards (i.e. Blood Moon). We might be able to filter by set, since Masterpiece series are tehnically separate sets.

8.	OPEN: Database only contains PHB spells; nothing from any supplemental books. All the APIs I found were the same that way. We could either write a web-scraper, or just link directly to a site like dndbeyond.com, instead of using a database.

9.	CLOSED: Multi-line spell descriptions don't get the '>' for Slack formatting. RESOLUTION: Added the '>' after newlines directly in the database.

10.	CLOSED: Cantrips get printed as "Cantrip {school} Spell", which isn't terribly grammatical. RESOLUTION: New API calls them level 0 spells instead, and I just stuck with that.

11.	OPEN: The D&D fetcher will match any number of < and > on each side.

12. OPEN: Set names will sometimes be matched to their sequels (e.g Mirrodin -> Scars of Mirrodin, Innistrad -> Shadows over Innistrad). More intricate matching logic will probably be needed.

13.	OPEN: If the card set modifier is used, but doesn't match a set or set code, no card will be returned at all.


FEATURES IDEAS:

1.	OPEN: Add card prices from TCGPlayer

2.	OPEN: Add possible modifiers that let you get rulings, oracles text, legality, etc.

3.	OPEN: For DFCs, print the name of the other side of the card below the image

4.	OPEN: Add the ability to fetch DnD Feats in addition to spells

5.	OPEN: Add modifiers to allow fetching the extended details of DnD spells (components, materials, classes, etc.)

6.	OPEN: Improve card selection by creating an ordered set list to sort matches against. This will let us enforce newer or more desired printings, at least by set.

7.	OPEN: Add modifier to return all printings of a card rather than an image, or all cards that match the string instead of an image.
